MFLT-8016 Document dev-mode and new commands for Linux SDK 1.2.0 (#350)
memfault/memfault-docs: docs/linux/reference-memfaultctl-cli.mdx

  request-metrics                            : Flush collectd metrics to Memfault now
  show-settings                              : Show memfaultd settings
  sync                                       : Flush memfaultd queue to Memfault now
  trigger-coredump [segfault|divide-by-zero] : Trigger a coredump and immediately reports it to Memfault (defaults to segfault)
  write-attributes <VAR1=VAL1 ...>           : Write device attribute(s) to Memfaultd

```

The `--config-file` path defaults to `/etc/memfaultd.conf`. The settings you add
in `/etc/memfaultd.conf` extend the built-in configuration file.

## Developer mode

Enabling developer mode will change some settings in `memfaultd` to make
development and testing easier:

- Coredumps will not be rate-limited on device. All crashes will be reported to
  Memfault immediately (queue is processed immediately) ;
- `write-attributes` events will be flushed immediately to Memfault ;

To enable developer mode, use `memfaultctl enable-dev-mode`. This setting will
be persisted by `memfaultd` accross reboots.

## `memfaultctl` commands

### `enable-data-collection`

> Call this command when your user has accepted the collection of usage and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call this command when your user has given consent to the collection of usage and
```

performance information.

This setting is persisted by `memfaultd` across reboots and updates.

### `enable-dev-mode`

Call this command to enable developer mode (see [above][developer-mode]) on this
system.

This setting is persisted by `memfaultd` across reboots and updates.

[developer-mode]: /docs/linux/reference-memfaultctl-cli#developer-mode

### `reboot`

This command will write the provided reboot reason to the
`last_reboot_reason_file` and restart the machine with the `reboot` command.

Example:

```
# memfaultctl reboot --reason 4
```

Refer to our [list of reboot reasons][reboot-reasons].

[reboot-reasons]: /docs/platform/reference-reboot-reason-ids

### `request-metrics`

This command will restart `collectd` (to trigger a data collection event) and
then send a `SIGUSR1` to flush the metrics to Memfault.

### `show-settings`

Prints the current configuration of `memfaultd`.

Example:

```console
# memfaultctl show-settings
Base configuration (/etc/memfaultd.conf):

>   { "queue_size_kib": 1024, "data_dir": "\/media\/memfault", "refresh_interval_seconds": 3600, "enable_data_collection": false, "enable_dev_mode": false, "software_version": "0.0.1", "software_type": "main", "project_key": "INSERT_PROJECT_KEY_HERE", "base_url": "https:\/\/device.memfault.com", "swupdate_plugin": { "input_file": "\/etc\/swupdate.cfg", "output_file": "\/tmp\/swupdate.cfg" }, "reboot_plugin": { "last_reboot_reason_file": "\/media\/last_reboot_reason", "uboot_fw_env_file": "\/etc\/fw_env.config" }, "collectd_plugin": { "header_include_output_file": "\/tmp\/collectd-header-include.conf", "footer_include_output_file": "\/tmp\/collectd-footer-include.conf", "non_memfaultd_chain": "", "write_http_buffer_size_kib": 64, "interval_seconds": 3600 }, "coredump_plugin": { "coredump_max_size_kib": 96000, "rate_limit_count": 5, "rate_limit_duration_seconds": 3600, "storage_min_headroom_kib": 10240, "storage_max_usage_kib": 0 } }

Reviewer: OT: wish we pretty-printed this.. 8/

Author: Yeah but it would be very long. As we add more config options I think we can stop dumping the config file.

Reviewer: For our own debugging it would be handy still. Maybe we can hide it behind a `--verbose` option at some point.

Runtime configuration:
  { }

Device configuration from memfault-device-info:
  MEMFAULT_DEVICE_ID=qemu-tester
  MEMFAULT_HARDWARE_VERSION=qemuarm64

VERSION=dev
GIT COMMIT=unknown

Plugin enabled:
  attributes
  reboot
  swupdate
  collectd
  coredump

```

### `sync`

Immediately process `memfaultd` queue.

`memfaultd` stores events in a queue and only processes it at a fixed interval

> (by default 1 hour). Use `memfaultctl sync` to force `memfaultd` to immediately

Reviewer: Mention the config key that controls the interval + link to the reference?

send all events to Memfault.

### `trigger-coredump`

This command will force an immediate coredump which will be captured by
`memfaultd` and immediately uploaded to Memfault. Use this command to verify
that the Memfault SDK is configured properly and that [your symbols have been
uploaded][upload-symbols].

Example:

```
$ memfaultctl trigger-coredump
```

### `write-attributes`

Use this command to create or update [device attributes][attributes]. You can
provide multiple attributes in one call.

```console
# memfaultctl write-attributes APP_VERSION=1.4.2 ACTIVATED=true
```

> Attributes uploaded with this command cannot be used as metrics in the Memfault
> panel. Refer to our [metrics][docs-metrics] guide to upload application-specific

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attributes uploaded with this command can only be used as device attributes and not as time series metrics in Memfault. Refer to our [metrics][docs-metrics] guide to upload application-specific
```

metrics.

The Memfault SDK does not attempt to avoid unnecessary calls. Every call to this

> command will eventually trigger a network connection. You should avoid setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
command will eventually trigger a network request. You should avoid setting
```

the same value repeatedly as this would increase network usage.

[docs-metrics]: /docs/linux/metrics#application-metrics

#### Attribute types

`memfaultctl` will try to guess the type of the attributes:

> - `true`/`false` are converted to boolean values ;
> - Numbers are converted to float values ;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `true`/`false` are converted to boolean values;
- Numbers are converted to float values;
```

  -v                                         : Show version information

Commands:
  enable-data-collection                     : Enable data collection and restart memfaultd
  disable-data-collection                    : Disable data collection and restart memfaultd
  enable-dev-mode                            : Enable developer mode and restart memfaultd
  disable-dev-mode                           : Disable developer mode and restart memfaultd
  reboot [--reason <n>]                      : Register reboot reason and call 'reboot'
  request-metrics                            : Flush collectd metrics to Memfault now
  show-settings                              : Show memfaultd settings
  sync                                       : Flush memfaultd queue to Memfault now
  trigger-coredump [segfault|divide-by-zero] : Trigger a coredump and immediately reports it to Memfault (defaults to segfault)
  write-attributes <VAR1=VAL1 ...>           : Write device attribute(s) to Memfaultd

```

The `--config-file` path defaults to `/etc/memfaultd.conf`. The settings you add
in `/etc/memfaultd.conf` extend the built-in configuration file.

## Developer mode

> Enabling developer mode will change some settings in `memfaultd` to make

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Enabling developer mode will change some settings of `memfaultd` to make
```

development and testing easier:

- Coredumps will not be rate-limited on device. All crashes will be reported to
  Memfault immediately (queue is processed immediately);
- `write-attributes` events will be flushed immediately to Memfault.

To enable developer mode, use `memfaultctl enable-dev-mode`. This setting will

> be persisted by `memfaultd` accross reboots.

Reviewer: `memfaultctl` is actually writing the config file to disk. I don't think it's very relevant what does it, so I would drop this.

Same thing below a few more times.

```suggestion
be persisted accross reboots.
```
